__2018-12-5__

**ZLC Members**  
[ ] Matt Hogstrom
[ ] Bruce Armstrong  
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[ ] Sean Grady  
[ ] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis  
  
**Participants**  
[ ] Joe Winchester
[ ] Tim Brooks  
[ ] Alvin Tan  
[ ] Nick Kocsis  
[ ] John Mertic  - vacation
[ ] Kyle Woodworth  
[ ] Michael Supak  
[ ] Petr Plajanik  
[ ] Robert Penny  
[ ] John Davies  
[ ] Rob Scott  
[ ] Jordan Cain  
[ ] Jax Shawley  
[ ] Simone Gregg
[ ] Kimberly Andersson
  
## Recording can be found here:  

## Issues to be discussed on 2018-12-5

### Vote on these to move forward and close

**Actions**  
Update on 12/5/2018 from JP on licensing issues and ZSS open source progress.

### Discuss
Any outstanding questons on the release process? 
Update: Discussed during the meeting and made some revisions.  Members to review and start vote this week.

[Remove dependencies on non-EPL 2.0 Code bases in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/17)  

[EPL-2.0 Component for ZSS enhancement to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/26)  

### Updates    
[Achieve CII Best Practices badge in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/38)  
Mark getting the other projects to integrate with SonarQube for all requirements  
Note: confirm the CII Badge process.

[Zowe Docker Hub in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/45)  
Leave open until Docker images are in nexus  
Note: Update the title to reflect Nexus.  Done.
  
[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)  
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.  
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.  

[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  -   
Meeting held on 2018/11/26 to discuss conformance.  @Tbr00sky drafting initial set of capability.
  
[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress  
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed  
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?  
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC 12-5-2018  


### Discussion  
Cancel ZLC meetings after 12/12.  All agreed pending resolution of the ZSS code.

### Actions  
All to review Release documents. 

All, review 1.0 Goals and ensure the document accurately reflects project goals.

### Post 1.0 Activities  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)  

### Closed Issues
