__2018-11-07__

ZLC Members
[ ] Matt Hogstrom
[ ] Bruce Armstrong
[ ] Jean-Philipe
[ ] Sean Grady
[ ] Mark Ackert
[ ] Jean-Louis

Participants
[ ] Joe Winchester
[ ] Tim Brooks
[ ] Alvin Tan
[ ] Nick Kocsis
[ ] John Mertic
[ ] Kyle Woodworth
[ ] Michael Supak
[ ] Petr Plajanik
[ ] Robert Penny
[ ] John Davies
[ ] Rob Scott
[ ] Jordan Cain
[ ] Jax Shawley

## Recording can be found here:


## Issues to be discussed on 10/31/2018

### Vote on these to move forward and close
No pending votes

### Discuss
Review procedure for security notifications  - https://zowe.org/contribute/#ReportingSecurity
- Zowe instances for users to access is blocked by outstanding security issues ... discuss process.

Feedback on January release versus December - All

[Remove dependencies on non-EPL 2.0 Code bases in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/17)
[Discuss - DB2 Plugin Dependencies in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/48)
[EPL-2.0 Component for ZSS enhancement to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/26)

### Updates
[Research / Implement pre-receive hooks rejecting unsigned commits in progress review](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/47)

[Achieve CII Best Practices badge in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/38)
[Investigate Code Analysis Tools in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/46)

[Zowe Docker Hub in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/45)

["Built on Zowe" Website section](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/41)

[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.

[Agenda update for 09-05 zLC meeting](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/18)

[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  - Update planned on 2018-11/14
Change issue to Conformance from Compliance.  
John will take this issue and we will defer this issue.  Needs to be completed prior to 1.0.

[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress 
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC target.

### Post 1.0 Activities
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)

### Closed 
[Allow CLI as separate download](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/54)  +1 from all six ZLC members ... to be completed by 0.9.4
[Certificate Strategy in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/27) + 1 from all six ZLC members  
[Discuss - Promote Zowe Playbacks](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/49)

